Here is a list of English Poems written by various authors. Whatever the question is, poetry may be the answer. Writers say poetry provides them with comfort, a way to express themselves and the discipline of finding the essence with few words. Writing the poem (and finding just the right word) is the measure of success that the authors use. Really good poetry is instinctive. It’s who you are. It’s from the heart. You need to expose yourself to all kinds of poets and you may find your motivation and muse that way. Poetry gets to the core meaning. Poetry expands ideas.

The word POETRY originates from a Greek word meaning TO MAKE. A poet is thus a maker and the poem something that is made or created. No single definition of poetry is possible but some characteristic features of poetry may be mentioned. Poetry has a musical quality with rhythm, pitch, metre and it may use figures of speech such as simile and metaphor. While quite a few english poems in this selection are in traditional forms, the unit also includes modern poems that are free from formal restrictions.


English Poems awaken the dormant soul in us. We all come at place, where we feel dejected and disenfranchised with this materialistic world, once in our lives. At that time of undetermined condition and confusion, the poems will makeour heart clear of all the debris and unwanted feelings and make our heart pure with the awakened soul. We have to make it clear that we want peace and love in this wonderful life over all other things of materialism. Here are those poems which come under this kind of nature to make yourself proud of having been born MAN / WOMAN in this beautiful world. We have collected these poems with deligence and long-waiting. The list may varyfrom person to person. Of course, no one could determine what the best poem is. The choice of yours may be different. Ours is not the fianl list. Here is the complete list of poems about the various topics.

William Wordsworth, Walt Whitman, Yoonoos Peerbocus, William Butler Yeats, Edgar Allan Poe, Christina Rossetti, John Donne, Khalil Gibran, Rabindranath Tagore, Charles Bukowski, Robert Frost, Dorothy Parker, John Keats, William Shakespeare, Wilfred Owen, K. Naga Nandhini, Nelson Mandela, Ruskin Bond and Irene Yates are few of the world-famous poets who have brought out the beauty of English Poems.